Rewrite literature model (#50)
greenelab/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript: content/04.results.md

Applying the temperature scaling calibration algorithm (blue lines) did not substantially improve the calibration of the model in most cases.
The exception to this pattern is the Disease associates Gene (DaG) model where high confidence scores are shown to be better calibrated.
Overall, calbrating deep learning models is a nontrivial task that requires  more complex approaches to accomplish.

> ### Baseline Comparison

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Comparison with CoCoScore using Hetionet v1 as an evaluation set
```

![

> Our extractor shows comparable performance with an unsupervised baseline when predicting edges in Hetionet v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our extractor shows similar performance to a previously published method when using Hetionet v1 as an evaluation set.
```

We compared our model (blue) with the CoCoScore model [@tag:cocoscore](green) .
The y axis represents AUROC and the x axis represents the edge type both models are trying to predict.
](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danich1/snorkeling/b6e707ea843ac5d66f62ed09277e6b1d3d4b8bf3/figures/literature_models/coco_score_auroc.png){#fig:cocoscore_comparison}

Our model showed promising performance in terms of recalling edges in Hetionet v1.

> We aimed to assess our model's performance relative to an unsupervised baseline [@tag:cocoscore] by comparing both models' ability to predict preexisting edges within our test set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assessed our model's performance relative to a recently published method [@tag:cocoscore].
Though our method is primarily designed to predicted assertions, not edges, we compared performance at an edge level because this was available for CoCoScore.
```

> Our model shows comparable performance to the baseline model for the compound treats disease (CtD) edge type, while our model is not far from the baseline model when predicting other edge types (Figure {@fig:cocoscore_comparison}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We found that a simple summary approach, max sentence score, provided comparable performance to the CoCoScore for the compound treats disease (CtD) edge type and slightly poorer performance for other edge types (Figure {@fig:cocoscore_comparison}).
```

> Overall, this is encouraging that with minor tweaks we can compete with previously established methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentence-level scores can be integrated in multiple ways, and approaches that consider more complexity (e.g., the number of sentences with high-probability) should be evaluated in future work.
```
